# Config

This folder contains one important file, [`config.py`](./config.py), which defines multiple variables that determine where "business logic" scripts access frequently used data. Although most scripts also use command-line parameters, config values are used when there is little need for parameter changes across the use cases of a given script. Below, we provide an explanation for each variable and specify which scripts use these values.

- **yu_sequences_folder**: Specifies the location of the Yu dataset. This variable is utilized by the [`SeqDatasetDb`](../data_prep/datasets_db.py) class, which creates an abstraction over the Yu dataset. The expected data are located in the [data repository/yu_sequences](https://github.com/Erunno/protein-binding-sites-data/tree/main/yu_sequences).
- **embeddings_folder**: Stores the computed embeddings for each chain. This folder is expected to contain subfolders named after the embedders, which in turn contain binary files named with the protein chain IDs in numpy format, each containing a vector - embedding. Used by the [`SeqDatasetDb`](../data_prep/datasets_db.py) class.
- **networks_results_folder**: Location where results from each experiment are stored. Results of our work were published to the [results repository/netw_runs](https://github.com/Erunno/protein-binding-sites-results/tree/main/netw_runs).
- **final_networks_results_folder**: Stores results from the final model comparison and evaluation as discussed in the thesis. Our results were published to [results repository/final_runs](https://github.com/Erunno/protein-binding-sites-results/tree/main/final_runs).
- **model_comparisons_folder**: Holds model comparisons performed during development but not presented in the thesis. Results were published to [results repository/comparisons](https://github.com/Erunno/protein-binding-sites-results/tree/main/comparisons).
- **best_HPs_file**: Contains the best hyperparameters for each model. This file is produced by the script [`harvest_best_hp.py`](../res_presentation/harvest_best_hp.py) and is utilized by scripts that use these hyperparameters: [`network.composed.v2.py`](../netws/network.composed.v2.py), [`network.final_eval.composed.py`](../netws/network.final_eval.composed.py), [`network.final_eval.py`](../netws/network.final_eval.py), [`analyze_performance.py`](../res_presentation/analyze_performance.py).
- **graphs_folder**: Destination for some of the [result presentation](../res_presentation/) scripts to store pictures of graphs.
- **cache_folder**: Used to save time by caching certain operations. See [file_cache.py](../data_prep/file_cache.py).
- **pdbs_folder**: Storage for PDB files. Located in the [data repository/biolip_structures](https://github.com/Erunno/protein-binding-sites-data/tree/main/biolip_structures).
